my husband and I were on vacation on the
beach in southwest part of Oahu we were
watching the TV news at nine o'clock at
night and and happy to say that there
was a tsunami an earthquake and tsunami
in Japan they were saying was about six
hours till the tsunami would hit Hawaii
we looked it up and down the beach there
and realized those other cabins were all
kind of dark and it was getting to be
pretty late and we realize they may not
know what's going on so we went down
started going knocking on doors my
husband and I and letting p other people
know what happened and they started
asking us immediately what do we do
where do we go and that's when I gave
him a real quick disaster explanation of
what to do after a disaster like that
what they needed to take with them and
what they needed to prepare after a
disaster happens a lot of people are not
familiar with what to do and are not as
comfortable with what steps to take when
the storm was over about seven a.m.
first light in Houston I gotta put on
sturdy shoes on a hard hat I wanted to
at least see the damage her on our house
and knock on the doors of a couple of
our neighbors make sure they were okay
and it was great to see that people who
you really didn't have any feel for
prior to this event working and acting
as a community a pair of ladies that
live to orrstown the street from us and
they had a an oak tree that came
straight through their living room they
had water coming into the house because
of the ranking that had occurred after
and I asked Terri to go back to the
house because we had three heavy-duty
blue tarps available I said can you grab
to the tarps let's just give them they
get thrown the roof because we knew we
didn't have any roof damage sometimes it
takes teams of people teams of neighbors
to do things that you and the people in
your household can't accomplish on your
own